Hey, welcome to the Journey Home.
I am so glad you're here.
And before we go anywhere
else, I just wanna say a big
thank you for hopping on board.
It's a pun.
Get it?
'cause it's a journey.
So on onboard it doesn't matter.
This course is a passion project that I've
been dreaming of for the past three years,
but in reality, it's the culmination
of 35 years of lived experience.
It's the product of my own long and
imperfect and transformative path from
a life of duty and obligation of shame
and self-hatred to radical self-love
and acceptance that ultimately led me to
pursue a life that was completely mine,
full of passion and love and purpose.
That journey changed everything for me.
It revealed my purpose and lit the
fire behind this mission, and it's to
make sure that everyone that crosses my
path, hears this message loud and clear.
You are enough.
You are not broken.
You are worthy of love exactly as
you are, and you're allowed to be
exactly who you were made to be.
Now I've seen firsthand how
that truth changes lives.
Not just how I move about the world, but
now how I show up for the people I love.
It makes sense, right?
If I can make room for the mess in
myself, if I can love the parts that
I used to shame, I can finally extend
that same kind of love to others.
But it wasn't always like
that before this shift.
I spent most of my life
trying to earn love, right?
And I remember hearing about
unconditional love and thinking.
That doesn't make sense.
That's not how the world works because
the love, I knew it had conditions, but
when I turned 30, I went on a journey a,
a quest, really to find my whole self.
And along the way, I uncovered
the reasons why I ended up in that
disconnected state to begin with.
Now everyone's path is different,
but I've met so many people along
the way whose stories echo mine.
People trying to prove themselves
to earn love to finally be enough,
and just assuming that's how it's
supposed to be, but it's not.
It's cultural.
It's systemic, and it's time.
We rewrote that narrative.
And you?
You didn't end up here by accident either.
Some part of you is searching,
maybe you're not even sure
for what, but you can feel it.
That subtle ache, that persistent tension.
That quiet thought that something
isn't right, that feeling,
it's not a flaw, it's a signal.
Your internal compass is calling you
back to yourself, to your truth, to
your wholeness, to your alignment.
And this isn't just a bunch of
self-help content thrown together.
Okay?
I built this course to walk you through
a real transformation from that first
flicker of something's not quite right,
all the way to a life that actually fits.
You'll move from disconnection to
deep inner knowing, from trying
to fit in, to living in the full
expression of who you are now.
Here's how that looks in practice.
First, you're gonna watch a
reworked version of my keynote
speech, the Journey Home.
It's the piece that started it all, and
it sets the tone for everything else.
In module one, we'll pull back the mask.
Okay, we'll look at the system you live
in and how it taught you to perform, to
hide, to disconnect from your truest self.
That is where awareness begins.
In module two, we sit with the
cost of that disconnection.
We name it, we feel it.
We grieve it, and we also begin to glimpse
something else, the joy and the freedom,
and the possibility that emerge when
you finally stop running from yourself.
And this is where the
real inner work begins.
The truth you bring to these first
two modules, it determines the
transformation you'll experience.
Now, you could skim it, you could
keep it surface level, but I'll
tell you from experience, the longer
you avoid it, the heavier it gets.
And you're here now, so why
not use this opportunity?
Right?
In module three, we
shift into possibility.
What could your life look like if
it wasn't about surviving anymore?
What would alignment feel like?
In module four, we build a
clear and compelling vision.
You'll clarify what you want,
what fits and what doesn't.
You'll get clear on your purpose and
begin to believe it's actually possible.
And in module five, we
bring it all together.
We create your roadmap, not a
fantasy, a real grounded, honest plan
for how to live this truth daily.
That is where transformation
becomes sustainable.
That's where we move from
clarity into alignment, and.
Now, this course isn't about chasing
some better version of yourself.
It's about becoming someone who
no longer needs to hide, shrink,
or split themselves to survive.
So here's what to expect.
This course is not about hype.
It's not about hustle, or productivity,
or optimizing it your morning routine.
It's about coming home.
And that means we'll be working with the
mind, the body, and the heart, because
this isn't just an intellectual course.
It's a whole person experience.
So here's what you'll get.
Short teachings that name what you felt
but never had language for some solo
exercises to help you map your story.
And finally, place that big.
You are here sticker on your map guided
visualizations to let you feel a deeper
truth in your body and prompts to
help you connect with the community.
Because one of the
biggest lies we carry is.
I'm the only one.
Well, you're not.
You never have been.
So take this seriously.
Find a quiet place.
Use your Authentic Life Workbook to
journal and be real with yourself.
And most of all, be gentle.
We're not here to fix ourselves.
We're here to meet ourselves.
Even the parts we've
been trying not to see.
And one more thing included
in this module is your course.
Treasure Map.
I mean, come on.
It's a quest.
So it's a visual guide of
the full journey ahead.
Print it, tape it to your wall
so you can, okay, let's be real.
It's 2025.
You're not gonna do that.
Download it.
Glance at it.
Forget where you saved it.
Yeah, that sounds more accurate.
Still take a look.
It's got a map of the road ahead and
your first small assignment, which
is a chance to reflect on why you're
here, why it matters to you, and.
What you're ready to reclaim and
get ready for me to say this same
phrase over and over and over again.
You are not broken.
You've just been surviving in a
world that taught you to forget
who you are, and that ends now.
It's time to come home.
Let's get after it.